wasm c template (#2)
joshgoebel/TIC-80: templates/c/README.md

# C Starter Project Template 

This is a C / TIC-80 starter template.  To build it:

```

> export WASI_SDK_PATH=

Reviewer: Add a link to WASI above this maybe?  And an example here?

`/where/you/installed/WASI` ?

Thoughts?

Author: sounds good, I'll add it.

make
```

To import the resulting WASM to a cartridge:

```
tic80 --fs . --cmd 'new wasm & import binary build/cart.wasm & save'
```

Or from the TIC-80 console:

```
new wasm
import binary build/cart.wasm
save
```

> Alternatively, you can change the script line to `script: wasm` of an
> exisiting cartridge and then import.
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Alternatively, you can change the script tag of an existing cartridge and then import.

For WASM cartridges the script tag should be written as such:

```
-- script: wasm
```
````

Author: sure thing.
